Updated Connection Diagram for Playmates, Added diff between them and Fixed Typos (#105)
upsidedownlabs/docs.upsidedownlabs.tech: hardware/bioamp/muscle-bioamp-shield/index.rst

:fab:`github;pst-color-primary` `EMG Envelope <https://github.com/upsidedownlabs/Muscle-BioAmp-Arduino-Firmware/blob/main/3_EMGEnvelope/3_EMGEnvelope.ino>`_

> For visualizing the EMG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle free real-time biopotential signals visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For visualizing the EMG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle-free real-time bio-potential signals visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.
```
